Readprojectid (#205)
KohlsTechnology/prometheus_bigquery_remote_storage_adapter: README.md

| Command Line Flag | Environment Variable | Required | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `--googleAPIdatasetID` | `PROMBQ_DATASET` | Yes | | Dataset name as shown in GCP |
| `--googleAPItableID` | `PROMBQ_TABLE` | Yes | | Table name as shown in GCP |

> | `--googleAPIjsonkeypath` | `PROMBQ_GCP_JSON` | No | | Path to json keyfile for GCP service account. JSON keyfile also contains project_id. |
> | `--googleProjectID` | `PROMBQ_GCP_PROJECT_ID` | Yes (when -googleAPIjsonkeypath is missing)| | The GCP project_id |

Reviewer: I think with this change, this is no longer a valid description. Maybe something like this:

```suggestion
| `--googleAPIjsonkeypath` | `PROMBQ_GCP_JSON` | No | | Path to json keyfile for GCP service account. |
| `--googleProjectID` | `PROMBQ_GCP_PROJECT_ID` | No | | The GCP project ID the BigQuery instance is in. If this is not set and `--googleAPIjsonkeypath` is, the project ID in the keyfile will be used |
```

Author: I made a change, what do you think?
